I know you are eager to know what's inside that shiny zip cover, it's a chocolate which you can enjoy while reading this. Go get it, have a bite and make urself comfortable dear :) .And don't worry it's not some expensive ones, I just re packaged one of my favourites since you gonna be reading this from my perspective.

If u find it before the chocolate, grace the chocolate and enjoy it while reading it.Go get it, have a bite and make urself comfortable dear :)

So, it was about what you love and I love about you, dated _________, if I make any mistakes rememebering any of it, pls forgive me, mannichenge.

Hi NAL, ne evaloo irkkei, saukhyam aaayi irikennu ninnkarei kadhalei



Attuned : You like to listen to songs and understand what every verse means and analyse and cross analyse it deeply. You always appreciates the idea/essence of the song.
Boomer : You are somoeone who learned cooking at the age of 8.
Camaraderie : Your soulmate is Mugil.
Determined : You have a strong will for what you wanna do with yourself, have clear goals in mind.
Eloquent : You got some serious words in her vocab.
Fondness : You love dogs, cats not so much :(.
Gluttony : You love chicken more than the chicks.
Hostile : You hate your warden.
Immersive : You are a girl who likes to fictionalize the characters from books into beings in her mind.
JK(JustKidding) : You use 'understandable' for the zillionath time till yesterday.
Karthik : I love you <3.
Lust : You have voice which is so damn lovely, will make up for really seductive moaning voice.
Mirnalini : Is beautiful at heart and looks gorgeous.
Nurturing : You are the emotional therapist to your friends.You are a very much understanding/supportive.
Oasis : The voices u make, they are just feel like finding oasis in a dessert.
Persevrance : You know how to be persistent and go at it with all your heart, keep at it even if you fall hundred times.
Queen : You are strong in your head, but weak at your heart.
Resourceful : You like to be independent always in your own way about everything.
Stoic: You are resistant to express your emoitional vulnerabilities, you don't wanna see other's pity on you, you don't wanna them to feel you are weak.
Tactful : You know where to draw your boundaries, respect others as well.
Unobtrusive : You love to keep your privacy low and behold.
Vivacious : You are someone who likes to express emotions physically.
Wrath : You hate guys who don't respect and treat others with dignity, who feels like they are entitled.
Xenial : You are someone who likes to take care of yourself, both physically and mentally.
Yes : You get pissed of so quickly.
Zealth : You have damn good natural smile with those exposed gums, cute dimples, expressive eyes, great body. So keep smiling :P


Honorable Mentions:

Astrophile : You were a nerd for astronomy, Orion was your weight balance, but you lost the stars somewhere.....		
Compassionate : You are supportive, likes to give feedbacks.
Curious : You are one of those rare breed of humans who are actually more keen on knowing what's inside the outside projection.
Literary : You love poetry(let's revive it back).
Quarry : You seem knowledgable about things.
Philosaphy : You value frienship above anything. Your philosaphy is if you can't be good friends, you can good lovers.
Teddy-loving : You love teddies like me (:/ more than me).
Unapolgetic : You stand for what you believe is right, even if you will face the wrath of it at the end of it. You are upfront.

"Even if break my heart  I think I'll cherish it cuz ur worth it the love u show me is everything I've always wanted subtle,slwow,safe,comfy" QUote and tell: i won't
